# HW2
Write up for HW2

London Housing

	This interactive visualization will allow users to compare housing prices in London among all neighborhoods. It will let users input specific locations within London, and these data points will appear larger than the rest in the scatterplot, which has square feet (log transformed) on the x-axis and price on the y-axis. Additionally, the visualization allows the user to brush the plot, resulting in the data table at the bottom of the page only containing the brushed points. This allows users to answer questions regarding square feet vs price in various locations among four different types of housing.
	Throughout the process of creating this visualization, I learned about the variation in housing prices in several neighborhoods throughout London. For example, someone looking for cheaper flats and apartments would find more luck in the neighborhood of Clerkenwell as opposed to Highgate, where housing tends to be more expensive and is predominantly in the form of houses. I learned that a user looking for full houses but is looking on a budget would have more luck home searching in Esher. One unexpected finding lies within the data set itself. I had no idea how many neighborhoods there are in London. Obviously there would be a lot as it is among the largest cities in Europe, but I was very surprised to see the number of neighborhoods.
	To create the interface, I filtered the data to only include four of the original house types, as the four that were excluded didn’t have enough entries to be considered in the visualization. After filtering, I dropped NA values from the dataset so I didn’t have to deal with issues arising from these rows. The final dataset that I used included flats/apartments, houses, new developments, and penthouses. Then, I created a shiny app that used brushing and user input to filter data points. The user can input specific neighborhoods and then brush the scatter plot. The resulting brushed points are the only points to appear in the data table at the bottom of the page. I also added text to my app that prompts the user to perform certain actions. The main guiding factor was ease of use, as I want the user to have a pleasant experience and understand what to do. 
	The reactive structure includes two inputs: the location to be filtered and the brush we use to brush the plot. The location that the user provides is used in the housing subset data frame, and then is used both in the scatter plot and the data table. The brush is used in the selected reactive expression, and then only in the data table.
